- 👋 Hi, I’m @DaanVL
- 👀 I’m interested in manny things, especially if they seem exciting to me, however I also do less exciting things...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning whatever I feel like learning, this are multiple things...
- 💞️ I’m looking to collaborate on fun, exciting, or futuristic things...
- 📫 How to reach me I might add info, however you can probably also reach me on this site...

Some current projects I am interested in doing and their advancements.
Body-mahsine linking device: progress: designed far enough that it could be easly made however it is not a idea build kit currently. this device was a new attempt since other versions I designed or worked on where much to expensive to make for wide adaption, or to unstable/needin of complex ai and coding. this current version uses a special type of sensor I speciffically designed for this so that such a device can be made for cheaper than a vr headset. the current problems with the device however are my lack of prototype building skills so I can't get the sensort to stay connected properly, I have however tested it using a arduino wood, tape and wires. these sensors are really a lot cheaper and less noice sensitive than standard emg or eeg, it however is speciffically designed for tapping of someones movement on secure ways and without electronics in the user, it can cancel out most of ones actual movement, so it can be used for tings like gaming and such as well while originally designed for very cheap accurate motion capturing and robot/mashine controll(note this is a very onld project and I have not changed much on it since then. by the time many people read this it can be possible that good eeg helmets with correct ai to so directly tap someones movements and such excist for a good price, right now however I have found none. and this is really simple to make and use if you want something like in blue people avatar or just something fun for things like a schifi club, motion capture, robot controll(like it is your own body) etc.

Open source R-type computer: Progress: working prototype, I made a working prototype and some extra designs so it can simulate different types of computers as well. this is a computer speciffically designed to be easy and cheap to make, this would allow for hobbyists and such to temporarily while it is new have a equal chance in designing tings like computers compared to big corporations, it is also much simpler to make that a standard transistor, quantum, vacuum, or mechanical computer. the computer itself however is a completely new type, so while I made demos where it simulated normal computers, for proper use you should use it differently. the computers optimal behaviour comes closer to a quantum computer than to a transistor computer, so it is better in performing very complex detailed calculations. some advantages ofver quantum computers: no need for near 0k temperatures, so it can work on room temperature, it has a few draws, however I have designed multiple solutions for that, one main problem currently is that it is not that fast in calculations per second, however since it has no clockspeed or such you can directly tradeoff accuracy for calculations per second, in proper use however you should combine manny calculations at once(kind off), just like in a quantum computer but those questions can be very detailed. the main problems currently is that I have no way to publish it so that it stays open and will not be pattented by some random people or corporations who happen to see the published works early on. this type of computer is especially ood for simulating things like the universe or atoms and such since it works on a similar principle

new type of space propulsion without the need for emiting particles: progress: design complete and POC can be easly made, this propulsion is kind of similar to a primitive(early) version of a real world warp drive, so it could allow normal people to also travel to space and even live there, like I said it is verry simple to make a small device proving it as working, however it also still is primitive, and so a lot of experimentantion and/or computing/ai is needed to make it move without bondaries(for example from one planet to another, it works by warping forces/"space" around it, however despite it sounding complex it is very simple to make only a few required materials are hard to get) and at a high speed problems: however for practical use I currenty can not experiment with anything that would give practical results, I am not good with micro electronics, nor with accurate mashining, neither do I have acces to proper materials, and again the publishing problem. it also needs some computing in it since it needs to adapt itself to it's environment.

open source toy/joke ufo: progress: had a small prototype. this device is simple and for fun, however it could also have some pracical aplications for example since it can be made using super weak materials and still will be very strong due to it's geometry. it also is very safe and it is near impossible to chrash it, even if it breaks down. it is great for pulling ufo jokess since the latest propulsion design won't as easly be recognised for what it is due to it's verry differen aproach to aviation, it however is just a air dependant flying mashine that was designed to look cool and unexplainable to a average person, it was only after the prototype that I realized that it was actually a pretty interesting mashine. problems: needs air, and the publishing problem, I havn't found a way to publish it in a way that protects it against people patenting it.

these where a few fun projects, however I like a lot more, I also like things like garden architecture, game and software making, etc. and many things I didn't name.

<!---
DaanVL/DaanVL is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
